added interview of aadhitya-amarendiran (#6022)
layer5io/layer5: src/collections/blog/2024/10-22-meet-the-maintainer-aadhitya-amarendiran/post.mdx

  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    <Link to="/projects">Layer5 projects</Link> has a number of active, open
    source projects. You’ve been consistently contributing to a few of them.
    Which one(s) are you currently focusing on?
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>
    I currently work on Meshery, as it piqued my interest during my initial days. I also work on the Meshery-SMP GitHub action project as well.
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>What’s the coolest Meshery demo you have done/seen?</p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>
   I’ve seen a lot of demos but the coolest one for me is the Meshery Docker extension where you can start and use Meshery right from DockerHub!
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    What is your favorite Meshery CLI Command?
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>

>   <p>Oof! That’s a tricky one. But my favorite one is definitely mesheryctl perf</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  <p>Oof! That’s a tricky one. But my favorite one is definitely <i>mesheryctl perf</i></p>
```
I made this italicized in doc, maybe we can make the same here...

>   <p>Oof! That’s a tricky one. But my favorite one is definitely <b>mesheryctl perf</b></p>

Reviewer 2: `mesheryctl perf` 
I wonder if it makes sense to wrap these commands in `<code></code>` instead :thinking:

</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>What is your hot tip for working with Meshery that others may not know?</p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>

>     If you’re starting out with Meshery, make sure to use the Meshery Playground if you want to get hands-on for the first time without the need to deploy Meshery in your system. After you get the basics right, install Meshery and log in to your deployed instance. You’ll see that your designs,performance test results and configurations remain intact in your instance as if they are present exactly the same in the Playground. There’s no need to start from scratch. Just continue where you left off!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you’re starting out with Meshery, make sure to use the Meshery Playground if you want to get hands-on for the first time without the need to deploy Meshery in your system. After you get the basics right, install Meshery and log in to your deployed instance. You’ll see that your designs, performance test results and configurations remain intact in your instance as if they are present exactly the same in the Playground. There’s no need to start from scratch. Just continue where you left off!
```

  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    Where do you see opportunities for contributors to get involved within Meshery and Layer5 community?
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>Considering the fact that Meshery is now a part of CNCF (especially the fact that we are aiming for the Incubation status as well!), I feel that Meshery has a wide range of scope for contributors to be involved in. Whether you’re an expert or a newbie, Meshery has lots of subdomains to contribute. Documentation, Frontend, Backend, Adapters… the list goes on.</p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    Your most often used emoji? Your preference: movie or book? Morning person
    or night owl? What have you worked on in the past six months that you’re
    particularly proud of?
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>

>    Most used emoji: 😎. I’m a morning person usually and sleep early, but sometimes I’m a night owl when it comes to intense work. I’d prefer movies compared to books as for some they clearly adapt from books. I’ve worked on refactoring the mesheryctl pattern command to mesheryctl design without losing the core features present. This took me a bit of time as I had to balance my current work as well which caused a bit of inactivity. But I managed to complete it, and I’m proud of doing such great work!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Most used emoji: 😎. I’m a morning person usually and sleep early, but sometimes I’m a night owl when it comes to intense work. I’d prefer movies compared to books as for some they clearly adapt from books. I’ve worked on refactoring the <i>mesheryctl pattern</i> command to <i>mesheryctl design</i> without losing the core features present. This took me a bit of time as I had to balance my current work as well which caused a bit of inactivity. But I managed to complete it, and I’m proud of doing such great work!
```

  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    Do you have any advice for individuals hopeful to become Layer5 contributors
    or potentially maintainers?
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>
    Make your presence stand out from the crowd even if you are a beginner, and learn as much as you can. Seek MeshMates and maintainers if you get stuck in something. Ask questions during meets or in Slack, and get feedback on your PRs, doesn’t matter if it’s big or small. Incorporate feedback and improvise. Remember, communication is the key, and be active!
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewer">
  <span>Vivek:</span>
  <p>
    In other words, whether your contribution is big or small, it sounds like aiming for high-quality contributions that add value to the projects is key.
  </p>
</div>

<div class="interviewee">
  <span>Aadhitya:</span>
  <p>

>     Yes, you got it right! Even the smallest contribution which creates a good impact on the project is the main key to Open source. All that matters is perseverance, challenging yourself to limits and learning. Do these things right and you’ll find yourself growing in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Yes, you got it right! Even the smallest contribution which creates a good impact on the project becomes the big factor in any Open source project. All that matters is perseverance, challenging yourself to limits and learning. Do these things right and you’ll find yourself growing in the community.
```
Making bit corrections here...

>     Yes, you got it right! Even the smallest contribution which creates a good impact on the project becomes the big factor in any to Open source project. All that matters is perseverance, challenging yourself to limits and learning. Do these things right and you’ll find yourself growing in the community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Yes, you got it right! Even the smallest contribution which creates a good impact in a project becomes a great factor in Open source. All that matters is perseverance, challenging yourself to limits and learning. Do these things right and you’ll find yourself growing in the community.
```

Minor correction here. Rest seems fine for now.
